https://codepen.io/RobertMasters/pen/ExPEdpN?editors=1100

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
the purpose for the layout, and position of elements
    2. What is HTML used for? 
to design the layout of a webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
used to manipulate how an element interacts with the browser, its put inside of the tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
used for the title of the page, or for the most important thing in the page, usually use it only once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img src, alt
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
the Title of the doc
    7. What is an id? 
a unique name given to an element to differentiate it from other elements
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
all elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
once
    10. What is a class?
a specific name that can be used multiple times by different elements with the same class name  
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
all elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
there is no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
<a href = "" target = "_blank">
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
to assign alternate text to an image incase the image isnt showing up on the webpage
    15. How do I reference an id?
useing the # symbol
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

    17. What is CSS used for? 
to design the way the html layout will appear on the browser.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
a class can manipulate multiple elements with that class name, and an id can only manipulate the specific element containing that id name.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
it is the > symbol, used to select all the elements inside of an element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div.sidebar< a{
}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
keywords that extend selectors behaviors.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
 text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div{
border:1px;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
dir
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
git rm, there is no promt and it is not found in the recycle bin
    34. Why should I use version control? 
to collaborate with other people and have a different pair of eyes, in hopes that the best product will be produced.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
very often, after major changes, and many changes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
not sure i understand the question:
in lambda we fork a code excersice, push out our work onto github, and a team lead checks it to make sure its up to par.
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
